Added best-practice for Version Control branching (#8374)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/version-control/using-version-control-in-studio-pro/_index.md

### Branching best-practices {#branching-best-practices}
Depending on your team size and preferences, specific branching strategies might be better suited than others. We have outlined three strategies with increasing complexity and control with pros and cons.

* [Trunk-based (single branch line)](#branching-trunk): straightforward, easy to start with, well-suited for small teams
* [Trunk-based + feature branches](#branching-trunk-and-feature): reduces risk of merge conflicts, well-suited for larger teams and a regular release cadence
* [Advanced branching](#branching-advanced): guarding quality becomes easier, well-suited for large teams and structured processes

We recommend starting 'trunk-based' and adopting 'trunk-based + feature branches' next. Having a lot of merge conflicts, or a first version released to production, are sensible triggers to move away from solely trunk-based development.
For experienced teams, or for organizations with stricter processes and/or auditability criteria, the 'advanced branching' approach is recommended.

#### Trunk-based (single branch line) {#branching-trunk}

> In trunk-based development, all developers work on a single branch, typically the "trunk" or "main" branch. Changes are frequently committed to this branch, and developers continuously integrate their work with the mainline codebase. 

Reviewer: I don't think "mainline codebase" is clear. I think it would be better to talk about pushing and remotes as we do earlier (4.3, Pushing) in the document?

```suggestion
In trunk-based development, all developers work on a single branch, typically the "trunk" or "main" branch. Changes are frequently committed to this branch, and developers continuously push  their work to the remote repository. 
```

Benefits are:
* Limited complexity: This approach is still relatively straightforward and easy to understand for most developers.
* Isolation of changes: Working on feature branches allows developers to isolate their changes, reducing the risk of disrupting the mainline codebase.

Disadvantages are:
* Overhead: Separate feature branches can lead to overhead in terms of merging, code review, and testing.

This approach is the most-used among Mendix customers, and is best-suited for teams with some experience, or teams running into the limitations of trunk-based development.

#### Advanced branching {#branching-advanced}
In branch-based development, there are typically two types of branches:
* Long-lived branches: main branch, development branch, release branch
* Short-lived branches: feature branches

Developers work on feature branches, which are merged into the development branch for integration and testing. The release branch is used to prepare for a stable release, while the main branch represents the production-ready codebase.

{{< figure src="/attachments/refguide/version-control/using-version-control-in-studio-pro/branching-advanced.png" class="no-border" >}}

> 

Reviewer: See comment on picture, below.
